# Automated Graphene Transfer
 
The following microcontroller code automates graphene transfer onto silicon dioxide chips. Project members are Charles Bowman, Eric Foss, Joseph Lee, Lars Osterberg and Aditya Visvanath.

# Abstract

The extremely high electron mobility characteristic of graphene has made it a research focus for labs developing the next generation of high-speed electrical components. The precise transfer of graphene onto various chip substrates is a critical process to further understand material properties and explore potential use in energy harvesting, biomedical devices and other nanotechnologies. This demand has highlighted the need to optimize the creation and placement of graphene layers for lab testing. The pre-existing method relied on a manual process of graphene “fishing,” which consists of using a glass slide to transport the graphene layer to different beakers of solution to prepare it for chip alignment. This method was time-consuming, inconsistent, and prone to human error, limiting viability for mass production. To address these challenges, this project developed an automated graphene transfer approach, utilizing a single self-filling and self-draining tank controlled by a microcontroller with feedback from conductivity readings. Key components included a pump, a solenoid, a graphene-holding basket, and a conductivity probe. By automating the process, the manual fishing step was eliminated, and human interaction was required only during the initial setup. Prototype results indicated that this automated method improved the success rate of a graphene to chip substrate transfer by approximately 20% compared to senior lab students, while eliminating the nearly two-hour long manual fishing process.
